---
title: Welcome To My Blog!
layout: post
post-image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CallumJThompson/WhatATheme/master/assets/images/welcome.png
description: Welcome to my blog page! This is where you will find posts regarding my progress in learning programming! You may also occasionally see some off-topic posts...
tags:
    - First Post
    - Welcome
    - Introduction
---

---

Hello there! If you are reading this, that means you found my blog page! I suppose a better introduction would be 'Welcome'!

My name is Callum. I am a young adult learning programming and psychology in my journey to become a software developer. I am currently learning:

-   Web Development (HTML5, JavaScript, CSS)
-   Python
-   Java
-   C++/C#
-   And more!

I particularly enjoy the front-end side of software development, although I am planning (and willing) to learn back-end, such as databases, PHP and other topics regarding data management, etc.

# Why does this site exist?

There are a couple of reasons why this website was created, and what I intend to do with it. Let's go through these reasons briefly:

### <u>1 - It's Educational</u>

As I am learning web development, I have always seen a portfolio and blog website to be a good project to learn and improve upon my skills. However, whilst I have been able to make a portfolio page before, either one-page, multiple pages or a landing page, I have constantly struggled with blog sites.

I found out about [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/){:target="blank"} and [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/){:target="blank"}, but found them incredibly difficult to understand, process, manage and modify for my needs. So I scrapped the idea of using them. For now...

However, I was informed of a GDG Event (Google Developer Group) where the participants would learn how to make a simple blog site using a static site generator known as [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/){:target="blank"}. Eleventy has a very similar layout to Jekyll, and with my newfound knowledge of static sites, I re-installed Jekyll and went searching for a theme. I landed on [WhatATheme](https://github.com/thedevslot/WhatATheme){:target="blank"} by The DevsLot. After a couple of hours looking over the theme and configuring it to my liking, here we are today!

### <u>2 - Professional Use</u>

I do plan on using this in a professional way. The portfolio site will be modified to contain my projects (as seen in the [Projects](https://callumthompson-portfolio.netlify.app){:target="blank"} page of my website). I will overtime create pages to certain social platforms, such as LinkedIn. But is not something that I need as of right now, but most definitely will require in the future.

### <u>3 - The Blog</u>

The blog will be a place for me to talk about whatever I feel like talking about. For the most part it will be me ~~talking~~ procrastinating about projects and features I am learning about while programming. But, on the occasion, you may see some _off-topic_ posts, which will contain the `OFF-TOPIC` tag.

Posts with the **OFF-TOPIC** tag will be about anything I just feel like talking about. Whether it's shows, games, or other Internet stuff that just makes me want to talk about it. These posts will be the best way for you to learn about me as a person.

The blog will also surface as a platform for me to improve upon my writing skills and hopefully my confidence, as I do lack upon both of these as the need for the former has decreased exponentially since finishing school, and the latter I just have been lacking in general.

---

# Conclusion

Hopefully you will stick around on my journey. And if not, I appreciate you having found my website and reading thus far! It means a lot to me, truly. I do want to continue using this site as a way to improve upon multiple factors of my life, from general improvement in my programming skill, to writing, to even improving upon my confidence.

You may have seen on my home page that as of right now the only contact method is my GitHub page, which is more of just a way to see the projects I have worked on more so a way of actually contacting me. I do intend of adding more contacts in the future, maybe even an email if need be. But right now I have so many things to work on right now that working on and maintaining multiple social accounts right now would be too much to handle. So my apologies for that.

But otherwise, that is all I have to say for now. I want to thank you for reading all the way through, and have a good rest of your day! See you next time!
