---
layout: post
post-image: https://github.com/jayyaj1224/jayyaj1224.github.io/blob/master/assets/images/Swift.png
tags:
- swift, officialpage, first-posting
title: swift.org - A Swift Tour - 2021.03.01
---

docs.swift.org 스위프트 공식 홈페이지 자료 공부
* [Swift.org](https://swift.org/)

---

# * Simple Values

### ** * var / let **

`var myVariable = 42
 myVariable = 50
 let myConstant = 42`

let 	to make a constant and 
var 	to make a variable.
In the example above, the compiler infers    that myVariable is an integer because its initial value is an integer.


`
let implicitInteger = 70
let implicitDouble = 70.0
let explicitDouble: Double = 70`

If the initial value doesn’t provide enough information (or if isn’t an initial value), specify the type by writing it after the variable, separated by a colon.



Values are never implicitly converted to another type. If you need to convert a value to a different type, explicitly make an instance of the desired type.

`let label = "The width is "
let width = 94
let widthLabel = label + String(width)`



There’s an even simpler way to include values in strings: Write the value in parentheses, and write a backslash (\) before the parentheses. For example:

`let apples = 3
let oranges = 5
let appleSummary = "I have \(apples) apples."
let fruitSummary = "I have \(apples + oranges) pieces of fruit."`


Use three double quotation marks (""") for strings that take up multiple lines. Indentation at the start of each quoted line is removed, as long as it matches the indentation of the closing quotation marks. For example:
`let quotation = """
I said "I have \(apples) apples."
And then I said "I have \(apples + oranges) pieces of fruit."
"""`


Create arrays and dictionaries using brackets ([]), and access their elements by writing the index or key in brackets. A comma is allowed after the last element.

`var shoppingList = ["catfish", "water", "tulips"]
shoppingList[1] = "bottle of water"

var occupations = [
    "Malcolm": "Captain",
    "Kaylee": "Mechanic",
]
occupations["Jayne"] = "Public Relations"`


### ** *Control Flow **


You use for-in to iterate over items in a dictionary by providing a pair of names to use for each key-value pair. Dictionaries are an unordered collection, so their keys and values are iterated over in an arbitrary order.

`let interestingNumbers = [
    "Prime": [2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13],
    "Fibonacci": [1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8],
    "Square": [1, 4, 9, 16, 25],
]
var largest = 0
for (_, numbers) in interestingNumbers {
    for number in numbers {
        if number > largest {
            largest = number
        }
    }
}
print(largest)
// Prints "25" `



Use while to repeat a block of code until a condition changes. The condition of a loop can be at the end instead, ensuring that the loop is run at least once.

`var n = 2
while n < 100 {
    n *= 2
}
print(n)
// Prints "128"

var m = 2
repeat {
    m *= 2
} while m < 100
print(m)
// Prints "128"`



You can keep an index in a loop by using ..< to make a range of indexes.
Use ..< to make a range that omits its upper value, and use ... to make a range that includes both values.

`var total = 0
for i in 0..<4 {
    total += i
}
print(total)
// Prints “6"`


### ** *Functions and Closures**


Use func to declare a function. Call a function by following its name with a list of arguments in parentheses. Use -> to separate the parameter names and types from the function’s return type.

`func greet(person: String, day: String) -> String {
    return "Hello \(person), today is \(day)."
}
greet(person: "Bob", day: "Tuesday")`



By default, functions use their parameter names as labels for their arguments. Write a custom argument label before the parameter name, or write _ to use no argument label.

`func greet(_ person: String, on day: String) -> String {
    return "Hello \(person), today is \(day)."
}
greet("John", on: "Wednesday")`



Use a tuple to make a compound value—for example, to return multiple values from a function. The elements of a tuple can be referred to either by name or by number.
`
func calculateStatistics(scores: [Int]) -> (min: Int, max: Int, sum: Int) {
    var min = scores[0]
    var max = scores[0]
    var sum = 0

    for score in scores {
        if score > max {
            max = score
        } else if score < min {
            min = score
        }
        sum += score
    }

    return (min, max, sum)
}

let statistics = calculateStatistics(scores: [5, 3, 100, 3, 9])
print(statistics.sum)
// Prints "120"
print(statistics.2
// Prints "120"
`